transport cell culture inserts are
convenient sterile easy-to-use permeable
support devices for the study of both
Anchorage dependent and Anchorage
independent cell lines these inserts
provide independent access to both sides
of a mono layer thus giving researchers
are versatile tool to study transport
and other metabolic activities in vitro
transfer inserts are available in
polyester polycarbonate and collagen
coated PTFE membranes in a range of
diameters and pore sizes to satisfy a
variety of research requirements
individual inserts are available in 6.5
12 24 and 75 millimeter sizes in come
prepackaged inner with their
corresponding multiple well plates 75
millimeter insert is designed for those
customers requiring a larger surface
area and comes packaged in 100
millimeter dish HDS Transvaal 24 well
inserts are arrayed on a rigid robotics
friendly tray allowing all 24 supports
to be handled as a single unit for
customers processing larger sample
volumes HTS Transvaal 96 systems are
available these units are offered with a
96 individual while receiver plate
available in clear black and white or a
single well reservoir with stabilizer
grid snackwell inserts or a modified
transfer permeable support containing a
12 millimeter diameter membrane
supported by detachable bring in a
6-volt plate in addition to the full
line of micro porous membranes Corning
also offers net weld polystyrene inserts
fitted with polyester mesh bottoms that
function as tissue carriers and
strainers inserts are available sterile
in two mesh sizes 74 micron and 440
micron pre-loaded in 6 or 12 well
cluster
specially designed trays and carriers
are available transpose cell culture
inserts are convenient sterile easy to
use permeable support devices for the
study of a variety of cell based assays
designed to produce a cell culture
environment that closely resembles the
in vivo state these versatile tools are
the proven choice for your research for
more information visit our website for
detailed protocols publications and
instructional videos